the most dangerous roads in the world at
land their half CV translated as
Atlantic Ocean Road Atlanta half CV and
is located on the coastal edge of Norway
near the cities of mole and Christiansen
on National Road 64 while the road has
been listed in numerous magazines and
books as the world's best place to take
a road trip it is also one of the most
dangerous roads if you're not careful
the road is built on several small
island and stretches a little over five
miles so if your car runs off the road
it immediately crashes into the ocean
not to mention that waves are constantly
crashing increasing risk of hydroplaning
or being swept off the road James Dalton
Highway located in the most northern
part of Alaska the James Dalton highway
is not for anyone who's a new driver a
tedious driver or driving a car that
doesn't have four-wheel drive the
highway is about 414 miles long and is
primarily used as a shipping route for
the Prudhoe Bay oil fields which means
the icy road is used by a lot of big
rigs with flammable substances there is
also a lack of gas stations and any
other kind of civilization flying rocks
can heavily damage headlights and
windshields trucks can wipe out
visibility in a matter of seconds and
cars can skid off the road with just one
wrong turn if you visit Alaska and rent
a car there are actual rules that state
you cannot drive on the Dalton
Ashima ohashi bridge the Ashima ohashi
bridge is only about a mile long but on
one side there is a gradient of 6.1% and
the other side is a gradient of 5.1%
making it one of the steeper bridges in
the world the bridge is built so high so
that fishing boats can safely pass
without
traffic bridge is located in
Japan and connects the cities of Matsui
and suka in Minato together the bridges
also earned the rightful nickname of the
roller-coaster bridge the Himalayan road
the Himalayan road is regarded as the
highest road in the world with an
altitude of about 11,000 578 feet the
road is basically made of crumbling dirt
only one lane and hugs the side of the
Himalayan mountains meant to be a bypass
between India and to that you'll see
tourist buses attempt to brave the roads
despite terrifying drops waiting around
every corner
trolls Teagan meaning the troll ladder
this norwegian road is located in rama
norway the incline is at a steep 9% and
curves are so tight they make a
bobby-pins curve look wide the roads are
so narrow that any vehicles bigger than
40 feet are prohibited from taking the
trollstigen the Norwegian government has
attempted to widen the roads in an
effort to make them safer but because
the road sits on the side of a mountain
there's only so much they can do
skippers Canyon Road the narrow road has
dangerous cliffs that paint the terrain
and are just waiting to welcome your
vehicle into its deathly drops if you
run into a car heading the opposite
direction there really isn't any place
to move over or let them pass rental car
insurance doesn't cover the road and a
slippery conditions make it one of the
most dangerous roads in New Zealand
stell vo pass located in Italy Stella vo
pass is a 15 mile long road with 48
hairpin turns with 180-degree corners
and
areas the highest part of the pass can
be found at over 9,000 feet and the past
hugs the east Alps if you're not paying
attention one wrong turn can cause your
vehicle to flip over the concrete
barrier and hit the road below the road
is only open from June to September
since driving on the pass during bad
weather is basically a death sentence
seach one Tibet highway located in China
thus each one tibet highway is
responsible for 7,500 deaths for every
100,000 people which is quite the
alarming rate given the population in
China the highway is vulnerable to rock
slides avalanches and hazardous
conditions due to poor weather PR 116
also known as the highway of death this
road is located in Brazil and is the
second longest road in the country well
this particular road isn't located in a
mountain the upkeep is so bad that it
has caused numerous accidents leading to
thousands of deaths the maintenance on
the road is overlooked which means there
are potholes quick lane changes and more
not to mention the road is also prone to
attack from thieves and bandits and
there is also a prostitution ring
somewhere in the 2,200 mile stretch of
road North Yungas Road the North Yungas
Road is nicknamed the death Road for
good reason each year about 200-300
travelers are killed on the road reading
from Bolivia's capital of la paz to the
amazon region the road stretches to
about 42 miles and is littered with
crosses in memoriam to those who have
lost their lives of vehicles that fell
off the road in 1995 it was named the
most dangerous road by the
inter-american
thank
[Music]